Updated origin trial docs to cover third-party token troubleshooting in more detail (#4797)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/web-platform/origin-trial-troubleshooting/index.md

### Iframes provide their own tokens {: #iframe}

To allow access to an origin trial feature, an iframe must provide a token in a meta tag, an HTTP
header, or [programmatically](#programmatic). Iframes don't inherit access to features enabled for
pages that contain them.

[ot-iframe.glitch.me](https://ot-iframe.glitch.me) demonstrates access to an origin trial feature
from an iframe. [ot-iframe-3p.glitch.me](https://ot-iframe-3p.glitch.me) provides multiple
cross-origin iframe examples.

{% Aside 'caution' %}

When you register for a trial, don't select _Third-party matching_ just because you plan to access a
trial feature from an iframe!

> A [third-party token](/docs/web-platform/third-party-origin-trials/#register-for-a-third-party-origin-trial)
> will only activate a trial feature if it's provided in an external JavaScript file included via a
> `<script>` element: a third-party token won't work in a meta tag, inline script or HTTP header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [third-party token](/docs/web-platform/third-party-origin-trials/#register-for-a-third-party-origin-trial)
only activates a trial feature if it's provided in an external JavaScript file, included via a
`<script>` element. A third-party token won't work when provided in a meta tag, inline script or HTTP header.
```
